Hi everyone.
My name is Krithi and I'm a product manager working on the CMS Design system team.
Thanks for taking the time to check out our first release video.
We hope to do many more of these in the future and that they're helpful for understanding what's new with the design systems.
If you're not already aware, the CMS WDS Experienced Team brings you updates to the CMS core design system along with updates to its Healthcare.gov and Medicare.gov child design systems.
In PI-4, we decided to test out a new release cycle to better help product teams anticipate design system changes.
Building a family of design systems comes with plenty of technical challenges.
All year we've been releasing code updates on a bi weekly basis, but data showed that these updates were hard to keep track of and product teams were unable to ingest changes without planning in advance.
So this program increment, we decided to slow down our release cycle in order to focus more on being intentional about our communication, documentation, and quality assurance.
Product teams can now expect major and minor releases from the CMS Design System to occur at the end of every program increment.
In addition, each major release will be accompanied with release notes, a video, a blog post, and slack communications.
We hope that this shift will allow product teams to better anticipate and plan for design-system updates.
During program increment planning, we've made a lot of improvements to the design systems over the last 10 weeks, and we're excited to walk you through some of those updates in this post.
If you have any questions or comments, feel free to reach out to us in Slack at the #cms-design-system channel, or you can visit the contactus page on design.cms.gov to find all the ways you can get in touch with us.
So thank you so much for reading this post, and keep scrolling to see a preview of what's in store for version five of the CMSDS.